- The board is voting next week.
- How close are we?
We'd only need to turn one more
board member to save the school.
I heard back from the
people at Eminent Power.
They only want me.
I told them I won't do it without you.
Well, I'm not gonna drop outta school.
- You will probably get a...
A para-professional.
It's an educational aide.
- Are you drunk?
- Mostly high.
I've been meaning to talk to you.
I got a text from Nick.
He told me that he can
help us save Anchor Beach.
I did have those feelings for you.
What if I'm gay?
You used to do that all the
time when we were married.
You'd forget to breathe. It used
to scare the bejesus out of me.
There is a new treatment we offer here
for recurrent adolescent leukemia.
I wanna do it.
We need to take a big step back.
Ximena can't leave until
her DACA is sorted out.
- Have you found Poppy?
- We're fostering her.
Everybody is home for
dinner tonight, yes?
Um, I should be.
Uh, I'm taking Poppy to her house
to get some more clothes
and stuff for Ximena,
but we won't be that long.
Any news on her DACA status?
- Not yet.
- What about their parents?
No, I still don't know
where they're being detained.
How can they do that to people?
Hey, B?
How's Grace doing?
Uh, good, yeah. She's going home today.
Really?
When they putting her T-cells back in?
Uh, I guess it takes the lab a
few weeks to, like, recode them.
And then what do they do?
Uh, they're supposed to attack
the cancer cells, and kill them.
- So she'll be cured?
- Hopefully.
Your para, David, will
meet you in homeroom.
Uh, Poppy, you're going
to be in Jesus' class
and he'll show you the way, okay?
Okay.
And I'll walk you to
the rest of your classes.
What am I supposed to
tell people when they...
they ask me who this guy
is that's following me?
Honey, you're gonna tell them
that he's an in-class aide
who's there to help you catch
up on everything you've missed.
Listen, a positive attitude
is gonna go a long way
to helping you here, okay?
You have to manage your frustrations
- so you won't have another...
- Outburst.
Yeah, Mama, I know. You already told me.
Okay, don't forget to write things down.
- Your short term memory...
- Sucks.
- I know.
- Honey, it doesn't suck.
- It does.
- You just... you're just recovering.
And don't worry, all your
teachers know what to expect.
- Poppy?
- Huh?
- How are you feeling?
- Uh, fine, thanks.
I know it's nerve-wracking
going to a new school,
but I hope you understand that
the logistics of getting you
to and from your old
school every morning,
it was just a little tricky.
Yeah, no, it's... it's cool.
I'm, uh, excited to
start school on the beach.
Wait, does this mean
that she can vote "no"
on Anchor Beach Academy?
I don't see why not.
Yay!
Not that I'm worried
about Drew or anything.
He can put up all the professionally
printed posters he wants.
I've barely heard of anyone
who wants ABCC to go private.
It's cool they're actually
letting the kids get a vote.
Yeah. All we need is one
more board member and we win.
What's up with Monica Davis, Mama?
She still hasn't
decided, but don't worry.
I'm working her.
_
Whoa! Uh, it doesn't look
like Drew put that one up.
Okay, so a few misguided
souls are willing
to betray their classmates
for a swimming pool.
Big deal.
Here we are!
Oh! And here you are.
Aw! Locker buddies.
Hey.
What's up?
Come on now, these are
the middle school lockers.
I'm sure that's all that was open.
You'll be with us senior year.
This is ridiculous.
- What are you doing?
- Just in case.
Here's your locker combo.
Good luck. I'll see you at lunch.
You're gonna do great.
- Everyone's gonna love you.
- Thanks.
And you? Don't be an asshole
to your para-professional.
- Word, thanks.
- Wait, so what does para-professional mean?
Uh, I don't know. It's like
almost professional or something.
Okay.
- You ready for this?
- As long as I get to sit in the back with you.
- Yeah, just...
- Jesus!
David. Nice to meet you.
Got us a couple seats right up front.
Uh, do we have to?
I mean, we want to be focused, don't we?
- Yeah. That's great.
- Great.
I'll see you after class.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Hey.
- Oh! What is this?
- That's apology fruit.
For getting hammered at prom.
And telling everyone that
you took my virginity?
Yeah, and that.
Although, it did get me thinking.
I'm not sure it's
exactly feminist to talk
about a man taking a woman's virginity.
Like taking.
Feminist or not, keep your trap shut.
Heard that!
Wanna read that card?
"Sorry I got so strunk."
Stoned and drunk.
"Which is what I definitely won't be
if you let me take you out for real."
- Are you serious?
- As a melon ball.
Monica, you helped form this charter.
You and I wrote the first draft
of the mission statement
together on construction paper
at our kids' playdate.
And we made a promise to nurture
and motivate and challenge our students.
Now, I know that things
have been bumpy recently.
But that doesn't mean that we
should go back on that promise
for those kids who can't
afford a private school.
We need to look to that
original mission statement
and get back to work.
Okay. You're right.
- You're right.
- Really? So we have your vote?
Like I was gonna vote
against Norma Rae here.
- I will see you at the meeting.
- Thank you.
This should be fun.
Thank you.
Yes!
Okay, so...
all we need now are the students.
Yeah.
Is there any way I can
convince you to stay if we win?
No, I'll stick around until the vote,
but I'm not gonna stay
here and wait for them
to find some reason to fire me.
What are some of the
similarities you see
in the tales of Winesburg's residents?
- Yeah?
- Loneliness?
Good. And what's the primary
cause of that loneliness?
No one talks to each other.
- You write that down?
- Uh, no, I... I mean...
- Uh, I will.
- Which begs the question...
- are they trapped by the town?
- I-N.
- I... I got it.
- Or are they trapped by themselves?
You don't got it, 'cause you're
not writing down what he's saying.
I can't hear what he's saying
because you keep talking to me.
Okay, so for tomorrow,
I want you to read
the next three stories.
You can use my notes,
but you need to focus.
Have a good day, everyone!
Jesus, good to have you back.
Look, um, don't worry about
reading three stories tonight.
Okay? Just try and get through one.
Thanks.
Less homework and some
guy takes notes for you?
Wish someone'd hit me in the head.
Ready?
So...
I took your advice.
About UCSD.
I'm gonna apply for social work,
and then transfer to Art later.
And that way I can take my time
with my portfolio and everything.
That's cool. And who knows,
you might like social work.
I know you don't think
I should be an artist.
What?!
That's not true.
Do you remember when we first met?
What did I say when you told me that...
Sorry. When Cameron told me that you...
that you wanted to be a photographer.
You said it was brave.
Exactly.
Yeah, well, I want to be brave,
but I really want to go to UCSD.
So...
I think I just have to
play it safe for now.
Honestly, I don't see
how I could possibly
finish my portfolio in time
with everything that's
going on with Ximena.
It's like a relief to
have the pressure off.
Then, uh...
social work it is.
Yeah.
I think we might have to
talk about what friends do.
- What? Friends don't hold hands?
- No.
And they don't surprise their friends
with picnics on the beach, either.
Oh, come on. I do this all the
time for the guys in my study group.
Feels good to be back.
Home again. Home again.
And I got you a surprise.
You... you bought me a new TV!
- And cable.
- Grace. Wow. Heh!
Um... are... are you staying here?
Well, I can't afford to
stay in a hotel indefinitely,
and you need someone with you 24/7.
So...
Ah! The delivery guy's here.
You know, at first, I thought
I would get a blow-up mattress,
but then I thought
that'd be too much work,
so I just got a pull-out couch.
Okay.
Did you know anything about this?
No!
When are we ever gonna be alone?
Well, I mean, we can still go out.
- For sex?
- Um...
Sex is out of the question.
So, where do you want the couch?
Mom, you gotta be kidding me.
No, Grace, I am not kidding you.
In your condition, sex is very risky.
Mom, it's not up to you!
And... and I can decide
whether it's risky or not.
- Brandon is a very considerate lover.
- Oh, God...
And we're gonna continue to have
sex whether you like it or not.
So, you ever heard of Declan Rivers?
Yeah! His live streams are hilarious.
I know, right!
Well, uh, that's who Eminent
Power wants me to play with.
So, I'm supposed to meet him tomorrow.
What? Why?
Look, I know I said I wouldn't
do it if you didn't want me to.
But I really want to.
And I think you should be happy for me!
You know, as my best friend.
Well, as my best friend,
I think you shouldn't
want to do it without me.
I don't want to do it without you.
But... they're not asking you.
Fine.
Whatever.
But FYI, I would never
treat you like this.
Wait, so does he, like, go
to the bathroom with you?
Yeah, only when he needs
to change my diaper.
Listen up, everyone!
Tomorrow's our vote to decide
the fate of Anchor Beach.
And what we decide is
extremely important.
Anchor Beach Academy is going to
have an advanced STEAM program,
an Olympic-sized pool,
a media center, a
state-of-the-art auditorium.
They're gonna hire college counselors
with connections to the Ivy League.
This could change our lives.
How do we know that they're gonna
fulfill all of these promises?
Look, we have the opportunity
to make Anchor Beach a great school.
And for the students
who already go here,
we're being offered
a huge cut in tuition.
Okay! Well, what about the families
that can't afford to pay anything?
How many of you or your friends
are gonna have to leave Anchor Beach?
What makes this school so special
is that we all come from
different backgrounds.
No amount of money can buy that!
- Yeah!
- Don't be fooled.
A private education is not
necessarily a better one.
Vote "no" and save our school!
Hell, yeah!
Are you really gonna
film everything we do?
Yeah, I need good
stuff for your web page.
Um, so how are you feeling today?
Like an animal at the zoo.
I mean, everyone at
church is really nice,
but I'm starting to
lose my mind in here.
Anything from your lawyer?
Not yet.
Hello?
Helen!
Is that for me?
Mm-hmm. Not gonna let a
little immigration snafu
get in the way of your studies.
- Thank you.
- You may grab these.
I still expect you to
finish all your work on time.
Mm! Don't worry about
that. All I got is time.
How's the portfolio coming along?
Yeah, I actually wanted
to talk to you about that.
- Let's chat.
- Yeah.
So, what's up?
Um, so I'm not applying
for the art school.
- Really?
- No. Not right away.
I just wanna take the time
to get my portfolio in decent shape.
And when it's ready, I'll transfer in.
The thing is, the program
really frowns on that.
They want students committed
to art from the beginning.
There are a lot less
spots for transfers.
Callie, if you want a real chance
of getting into the art school,
you need to apply now.
Hey! How was work?
Oh, you know, another day,
another pimp, another child prostitute.
You okay?
Yeah, somebody's gotta do it, right?
Hey.
It's alright.
So, uh, I... I was looking online...
Hold on. Sorry!
Oh, it's a text from Tess.
From Girl Bar?
Ha ha.
No, she and Dean are at
the airport going to Cabo.
Would we mind checking
on Logan this weekend?
That's interesting.
Yeah. Maybe they're trying
to work out their issues.
Maybe, but what about what
she said to you at prom?
I don't think she's a lesbian, Lena.
I think she's just having
a mid-life crisis maybe.
Hey, bud! How was it?
Hey! What'd you think of David?
Um, he's fine.
He's kind of annoying, though.
Well, he's there to help you.
You gotta have some patience with him.
Isn't it his job to be patient with me?
I'm sure he is.
Give him a chance.
So any outbursts or any
problems I should know about?
No. It's fine.
Great.
So, uh, I was looking online,
and I found a support
group for people with TBIs.
So I though maybe it's
something we could do for Jesus.
Yep, yep.
Are you sure you're okay?
Yeah! Yeah! I just... I just wanna
get out of all this, you know?
Alright.
- Hey!
- Oh! Hey! What are you...
I was just gonna go for a run.
Was wondering if you wanted to join.
Oh, I... I can't.
I have to email all of Anchor Beach
and remind them of their humanity.
Which, apparently, is for sale.
Okay, cool.
Well, I'll let you get to it.
I, uh, just thought you should know
that Olivia and I broke up.
So you shouldn't be getting any more
angry DMs from her, I hope.
Oh, um... I'm sorry.
You know, for the record?
She had nothing to worry about.
It's not like I was, like, trying
to get with you or anything.
I know.
But for the record...
if you were...
I wouldn't mind.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Grace happy to be home?
Uh, yeah, I think she'd be happier
if her mom didn't move in with her.
Yeah, overbearing parents are the worst.
Hey, Mom and I just wanted to tell
you that we're very proud of you.
The way you are supporting Grace.
But?
No "but."
And we want to make sure
that you are supporting yourself.
Okay? You really need to start
making a plan for next year.
I'm not going to college, Mom.
I want to spend as much
time as I can with Grace.
I hear you, B.
I do, but you're 18.
And this is a lot.
I mean, it's a lot for
Grace to deal with, you know?
I'm not the sick one here.
B, taking care of someone with
cancer, is incredibly stressful.
And it's not always easy
to navigate. Just ask Mama.
When I had my, um, my cancer scare...
um...
you know,
I wasn't exactly feeling very...
sexual.
You know, it's not nice to
read over people's shoulders.
Two guys in one day?
You're practically the Bachelorette.
I know, right!
So, who gets the final rose?
The charming, athletic boy next door,
or the funny, quirky,
stoner blast from the past?
I don't know.
I mean, Logan's hot, but...
look at this pineapple.
It's a flower.
Did you email the wrestling team?
Just now.
- What about Mat?
- Oh. Already sent.
No, I mean, have you
talked to him since prom?
I feel like I was just a pity dance.
Like he's never gonna get
over the whole Nick of it all.
Has he texted you again? Nick?
- I texted him.
- Mariana, seriously?!
Okay, just to find out if
he really knows something
that can actually save the school.
Of course he said he couldn't
tell me over the phone,
so I'd have to see him in person.
- Oh, come on!
- Don't worry.
I'm not ever gonna text him again.
I was just stressed about Anchor Beach.
- Hey!
How was the first day of school?
Well, the only people who talked to me
live in this house.
Emma talks to you, doesn't she?
Well, yeah, 'cause she's dating someone
who lives in this house.
Well, yeah, well, I mean, if
you wanna make more friends,
then you should avoid
wearing the Yeti sweater.
Yeah, it's... it's actually my dad's.
Yeah, I... I found it at
the house today, and...
It still smells like him.
I'm sorry. I... I didn't...
No, no, it's... it's okay.
I just...
I miss him so much.
- Hey!
- Hey.
She's just going through a lot.
You know with her
sister and her parents.
I get it.
Um...
I'm doing a still life.
Of the toilet?
Okay, I guess that's
a little less weird.
Well, I just found out that my chances
of getting into the art program
are worse if I try and transfer in.
So I only have two weeks
to finish my portfolio.
Why would you transfer when you
can just apply for what you want?
That's really easy for
you to say, Brandon.
You've been a piano prodigy
since you were, like, five years old.
You gotta have more
confidence in yourself.
Well, I've only been pursuing
art for, like, three months.
So, I don't.
- Yeah, but Callie...
- I don't wanna talk about it.
That's all the ballots?
Okay, let's get started.
Jesus! Why aren't you in class?
- What are you doing?
- Uh, nothing.
Well, you're late. Let's go.
Okay.
Victim is aged 13.
She had minor head wounds.
Bruises on her back and legs.
An ultrasound reveals
she's eight weeks pregnant.
Of course, she's claiming that her pimp
had nothing to do with any of this.
Hey, everything alright?
Yeah, I just... I left
my phone in the car.
I'll catch up with you.
Why don't you give that back to me
by start of class tomorrow?
- Okay. Sorry.
- Hey! No worries.
- Sit down.
- What?
You need to finish.
He literally just said
that he's cool with it
if I turn it in tomorrow.
Well, I'm not cool with it.
It... it's lunch. I'm hungry!
We can get food in a little bit
when you're done.
Attention, everyone. We have
the results of today's vote.
- Oh my God.
- The students have voted "no" to Anchor Beach Academy.
Whoo!
Congratulations.
Board still has the final vote tomorrow.
This isn't over.
Yes, but with Monica Davis' vote,
and the students' vote,
we have enough to stop you.
I guess you do.
I understand you have a job
offer from Livingston Charter.
Uh, yeah.
The head of their
board, Maggie Thornton,
she was my sorority sister at UCLA.
Hmm. What was your point?
Well, if you have one
foot out the door...
your vote really shouldn't count.
But it does until I resign.
That's true.
Although, I was thinking
of giving Maggie a call.
Just to fill her in on some of the drama
going on at Anchor Beach on your watch.
I'm fairly sure the
offer will be rescinded.
You'd really do that?
Unless you resign
before the board meeting.
If you leave, Drew gets your vote.
Lena, I need that job.
I want you.
What if your mom gets back?
I told you, she's gone for a while.
Yeah, but how... how long?
Long enough.
Okay, not that long, Romeo.
Let's just... let's just get to it.
You okay?
Yeah.
No, I... I... I just...
I realized that I, uh...
I have to get to work soon, so.
- What?
- Nothing!
You don't want to have
sex, we won't have sex.
I don't not want to have sex with you.
Just admit it. You're not
attracted to me anymore
now that you know I'm sick.
Jude!
So chill to meet you, man. I'm Declan.
Hey! I... I... I'm a big fan!
I pretty much learned
how to play Eminent Power
from watching your streams.
They're, uh... really informative.
Thanks.
I mean, I... I kinda go for,
like, more cool and funny,
- but that...
- No, no, no, they're that too!
Uh, I love when you use
your cudgel against the Mage.
And you yell, "By Grabthar's Hammer!"
Yeah, that's, um...
- It's actually...
- A "Galaxy"... "Galaxy Quest" reference.
Totally!
You know, I may have looked you up, too.
You did some pretty cool
stuff with Vainglory.
You and, uh, you and that girl.
Taylor. Yeah.
Grace, come on. How could
I not be attracted to you?
Uh, maybe because you don't
want to have sex all of a sudden?
We were just having sex!
That was not sex, and you know it.
Okay, I... I just... I...
I don't want to hurt you.
Don't flatter yourself.
I'm not. I...
I read something that...
it... it said that, you know, it
can be an issue with... bleeding.
I'm not some fragile thing
that you're going to break, Brandon!
This is exactly why I didn't
want you to know I was sick.
Yes, but you are sick, and I do know.
So if there's something that we
should or shouldn't be doing...
Then I will tell you!
I'm not gonna do anything
that doesn't feel good.
Okay.
Now let's do this thing
before my mom gets home.
You know, my dad always said that
Poppy and I were his American dream.
That made me always want
to do my best, you know?
Just to be worthy of the
sacrifices my parents made.
I don't know how you do it.
What?
Just like the way you live.
You're so unapologetic, and bold.
Just yourself in the
face of all this shit.
You have so much courage.
I don't feel real courageous right now.
I'm hiding out in a church.
- Well, you should.
- Alright!
Would you stop filming?
Come skate with me.
- This right here.
- Okay.
So, what are you gonna do
about your UCSD application?
Have you decided yet?
I don't know.
Do I play it safe and
go to the school I want?
Or do I take a chance and
go for the major I want?
Who says you can't get both?
Yeah, but what if I get neither?
Maybe I'm the wrong person to ask, but,
my whole life is full of risk.
So I say go for it.
I don't have your confidence.
I mean, not as an artist.
You don't have to have confidence.
Just courage.
And you've got plenty of that.
Trust me, girl.
I know what it looks like.
You are a natural, see?
Oh my God.
Listen, man, I don't know
about you, but, like...
I'm good here. I think
Eminent Power was right.
I think me and you are gonna
work really well together.
So, uh, I'll keep doing my thing.
And you can be, like,
the cute, nerdy sidekick.
What would you do if you
wanted to do something
but it meant you might lose a friend?
Um...
I... I'd pick my friend.
That's why I'm not good here.
That girl, Taylor?
She and I started streaming together.
And then Eminent Power approached me,
but not her.
And it just... it doesn't feel
right to do it without her.
So I gotta...
Yeah, okay, um...
Then why don't we just
do it all together?
We could be like a... like a "throuple."
I already tried that.
They said no.
They won't say no to me.
Trust.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I'm used to getting what I want.
Hey, X? I'm gonna head out.
What happened?
My lawyer just called.
Um, my DACA hasn't been renewed yet.
And now it may never be.
I mean, unless I get a special hearing.
If I walk out of this building,
I can be detained.
Like I can't... I can't
live in this church forever.
You're not gonna have to do that.
We're gonna make sure of it.
What if I never see my parents again?
Hey.
We're gonna figure this out, okay?
- Hey.
- Hey!
Congrats on saving the school.
Well, it wasn't just me.
Like I said at prom, you're...
you're a force to be reckoned with.
Thanks.
There was something else I
wanted to tell you at prom.
What's that?
That I made a mistake.
Breaking up with you.
I was a jerk, I was jealous,
and insecure.
Keep going.
And I definitely should
have been more understanding
about the whole Nick situation.
True.
I really miss you.
Is there any way in hell
you'd give me another chance?
Do I have to answer you now?
No. No, not at all.
Take all the time you need.
_
I'm proud of you.
What?
Who was that girl yesterday?
Um, the one on the motorcycle?
I stopped by to try and talk, but...
Oh, um... yeah. That
was my friend Gabriela.
I mean, you have nothing to worry about.
We're just friends, like, for real.
It's fine.
You know, I don't really
have a right to be worried.
I'm the one who put the brakes on us,
so we're just friends.
You can date whoever you want.
Well, I don't really
wanna date anyone else.
Yeah, but, like, say you do.
Like, down the road.
I guess I'll have to tell you about it.
I mean, friends are honest
with each other, right?
Um, what if you meet someone?
The whole point of us being friends
is 'cause I don't think I should
be seeing anyone, like, right now.
Can friends hug?
- Is that allowed? Okay.
- Yeah!
I had this, like, blowup with a friend
over, like, nothing.
We were playing a board
game and I totally lost it.
This is pointless.
Can we get outta here?
Please. Just give it a chance.
I tried to explain that it wasn't me.
That I sometimes, literally,
can't control my emotions,
but people, and even my own family,
who spent all those days
in the hospital with me,
they still don't get it.
Because I look fine,
they think I should
be like I used to be.
They don't understand.
Because the disability
you have is invisible.
So they think that you're
either being defiant,
or not trying,
or faking it to get off easy.
They end up talking about
you behind your back.
Not sharing stuff with you, because...
they think that you can't handle it.
It makes you feel even
more alone and isolated.
Uh, I don't want to tell anyone
when I don't understand things.
Or when I forget where I parked my car.
Which happens a lot!
Sometimes I just...
wish I could fade away,
because it's easier to be alone
than it is to constantly
be misunderstood
by the people I love the most.
Honey?
That's what we're
doing to you, isn't it?
I know you guys don't mean to, but...
Love, you don't have to say that.
Okay?
- We've been, uh...
- We've been doing this wrong.
And I'm so sorry.
We really thought we
were just helping you.
I know. It's just...
every time that you guys try to help me,
it makes me feel like I... I...
Like I can't do it,
or like, I'm...
I'm bad or I'm broken or something.
Honey, you're not broken.
You're not.
And I promise you, that we're
gonna stop making you feel that way.
So, there's really
nothing more we can do.
So she's resigning?
Well, she can't risk
losing that new job.
Well, what about the
job she already has?
What about her loyalty to
you and to Anchor Beach?
Mariana, I'm really sorry, sweetheart.
I know how hard you fought.
So we lost?
I mean, unless some board members
change their mind before tomorrow.
_
I understand you have some information
that can save Anchor Beach.
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org